Brian Lee

a. As a "rule of thumb", how much homework time could one expect to spend outside class and lab time?
   
  This is a 4 hour credit class, so common experience tells me for each 1 hour   credit add a additional 2 hours outside of class each day.
  Thus I will spend at least 8-10 hours a week outside of class work.


b. What is the test make up policy? And the quiz make up policy?

	Make up tests are rarely given, discretion of instructor. 
	There are no make up quizzes.


c. How many files will you submit to blackboard for each assignment?

	One zip file which contains a folder for the homework week.  Inside that folder are folder/files for each program.



d. You can name your homework files anything that makes sense. True or False?
    
	This is false.


e. Each program should be in a separate folder, even though it may have only one file. True or False?
 
	Each program should have its own folder.
	


f. May one turn in part of the assignment on time and the rest late?

	No, you can only submit once!


g. What is the late penalty for a hw marked “late” by blackboard?

	Penalty is 30 percent off the top before even grading.


h. What is your grader's name? (look under blackboard "see my grades" icon)

	Saurav is the grading TA, but actually Not seeing his name there yet.
	

i. List at least 5 hints for success in the course provided by the instructor in the course website.

	Get Organizer
	follow directions
	be ready for class
	read text carefully
	keep up with the pace
	Study regularly


j. What should you do if you miss lecture and want to know what was covered?

	I should contact a classmate.



k. What is the date of the first quiz?

	Thursday 6th sept is first quiz.	


l. Homework may be emailed to the TA if the drop box is closed. True or False?

	False, I may not email my TA the homework.
	

m. How many late coupons does each student get?
	
	Each student gets 2 coupons.

n. Where (specifically) are the installation instructions for putting the course software on your machine?

	Black Board, left hand menu, last hyperlink (software tools).

o. Where (specifically) are the installation instructions for downloading a file from the CEMS (“M”) storage to your home computer. (What software is recommended to install on your home machine for this purpose?)

	See computer software setup .pdf under software tools menu.

